Okay.
Yeah...
Yeah.
No... Like other ones they use like all sorts of different methods
But then some of those messege brought other kaiju in.
No, I don't think so that seemed like a pretty like
Original, original.
Preferably either Master  or King Ghidorah.
Yeah...
The main ones.
I don't know, maybe, but I think the master or the king will have to come out first.
First where's the metro going to?
Yeah...
Probably, but I don't know, I am U S .. (***)I'm kind of sore ass looking.
You know the one, the spiky one?
Yeah, the one that like, not very strong.
Yeah...
i think i was might have been the first one but i'm not so sure
I think, yeah.
Mothra also came out, but Mothra got a little something, yeah?
Yeah...
Yeah...   Yeah...
I don't know
It's not the Mako Godzilla because it's too old for that kind of thing.
Yeah, but then the King Ghidorah might have come out
I want the three-necked, but there's only three necks in that one.
Yeah, everything milo...
yeah yeah yeah
Yeah...
I guess.. but like, I think like the more like...
a classic one might be better.
Yeah...
Huh, then Minia.
I'm not sure because that one is like more like a less of an atomic monster
This one's like created by atomic bomb, right? Mostly.
But then if a smaller one came out, they would think, where did that come from?
They didn't have many weapons back then, but I like the tanks.
Yeah...
That's why they didn't have them. But then the government also didn't help them in that.
I mean, but the weapons, I think like that America took away the weapons or something.
Because all those ships didn't have the cannons.
But if that was so, then why did they have tanks and why did they even have that big warship?
and we'll see you soon.
Yeah, yeah, but anyway, but that ship other price
Wasn't really strong enough to defeat
Yeah...
Yeah, they just like stepped on all of them. Yeah.
Well, playing was to distract it or something, or like...
I think so, but then the Godzilla came on land, so...
They had to lure it back to the ocean.
Yeah...
Oh, it did, it did. I remember they were shooting it.
yeah yeah and then like you can't catch me you're kind of and then like that
Yeah...
It was like a, like a really good, like a really power, like not like powerful, but like a...
very exclusive or like i don't know like very yeah yeah